dual fast af system
An innovative af system that combines two autofocus methods
High-speed, high-precision image plane phase difference af system
The power of Four Thirds lens is maximized
Contrast af
High-speed af that surpasses el 5 maximizes the performance of the Micro Four Thirds lens
I will
The motion tracking performance of the continuous af has also been greatly improved.
Hmm
Camera automatically selects the best af method to fit the lens to be attached
All Zuiko lens systems with high-dimensional af speed and af accuracy
Olympus Electronic Viewfinder is New Than Conventional Optical Finder
It is a finder system
Equipped with a large finder of full size single lens class in a small body
The cat's eye control automatically adjusts the backlight brightness
We realized natural finder image such as optics type
Yes light & manipulate light with driveway control
And by the newly developed color creator function
Even hue and saturation can be manipulated intuitively
Olympus's Viewfinder combines digital and optical technologies
For a new photo experience
I hear the camera shake correction inside the body 5-axis
Upper and lower angle shake Right and left angle
Vertical direction of the makeover shake the horizontal direction of the makeover break
Accurately detect blurring in the direction of the optical axis and dry it sequentially
Micro Four Thirds Lens Four Thirds Lens
And even classic lenses
We cope with all lenses and correct camera shake
Powerful Ono Camera shake correction and
Expand the possibilities of hand-held shooting
Speaking of om di
Movin Tula New Year's Eve